CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# CONTRIBUTING GUIDELINES

Welcome and thank you for considering to contribute to SnappierShot!

Here you will find all the information you'll need to setup your development
  environment and start contributing.

## Table of Contents
  * [Submitting Bug Reports](#Submitting Bug Reports)
  * [Environment Setup](#Environment Setup)
  * [Running Tests](#Running Tests)
  * [Code Editing Guidelines](#Code Editing Guidelines)
  * [Opening A PR](#Opening A Pull Request)

### Preface
Please read our [Contributor Code of Conduct](.github/CONTRIBUTOR_CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
  and our [Contributor License Agreement](.github/CONTRIBUTOR_LICENSE_AGREEMENT.md).
  You will be asked to sign our CLA when you submit your first pull request.

All shell commands will be presented in the following format:
```
(.venv) snappiershot$ command
```
where:
* `(.venv)` represents that the current terminal session is within the
  virtual environment of this project. If this is not present at the start
  of a shell code snippet, then the command does not need to be run from
  within the virtual environment.
* `snappiershot$` represents the directory from which the shell command is run.
  The `snappiershot` part represents the root directory of the project.
* All words and symbols after the `$` are the shell commands that can be copied
  and pasted into your terminal.


## Submitting Bug Reports
Bug reports (and feature requests) are always appreciated and we will do our
  best to respond to any opened issues in a timely manner.

You can open an issue [here](https://github.com/MORSECorp/snappiershot/issues/new/choose)
  by choosing the correct issue type and filling in the template. Please
  remember to be respectful to all users and developers and try to provide
  as much context as possible.


## Environment Setup
We use the [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) to both manage dependencies
  and publish this package. You can find information about installing this
  software [here](https://python-poetry.org/docs/).

This library supports Python versions `3.6.1` and above, so you must have
  a version of Python installed that meets those specifications in order to
  progress any further with setting up your environment. We use the
  excellent [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) to manage our local
  Python installation, but an in-depth guide to using this is outside the
  scope of this document.

Once both `poetry` and a compliant version of Python are installed,
  you can use `poetry` to create your virtual environment for this project.
  The following command (run at the root of this project) will create a
  virtual environment within the `.venv` directory:
```bash
snappiershot$ poetry install
```
You are able to fully interact with the virtual environment using `poetry`
  commands, but we find it easiest to "source" the virtual environment into
  your current terminal session. In most shells, this can be done with the
  following command (run from the root of this project):
```bash
snappiershot$ . .venv/bin/activate
```
To leave this virtual environment at any time, you can run `deactivate`.

Finally, we use to [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com) package to run
  useful hooks to maintain code quality and enforce style guides. The
  full list of hooks can be found within the
  [.pre-commit-config.yaml](.pre-commit-config.yaml) file.
  To install these hooks, run the following command from within the virtual
  environment:
```bash
(.venv) snappiershot$ pre-commit install
```

Now the linters, formatters, and type checkers will be run automatically with
  every commit, making PRs easier to review and removing distractions from the
  contributing process.

To run these commands independently from the `git commit` command, you can run
  the following command:
```bash
(.venv) snappiershot$ pre-commit run --all
```

**NOTE**: The `mypy` type checker is included with these commits, meaning if
  the type annotations are not correct the pre-commit hooks will fail and by
  default your commit command will also fail.
  **This was an intentional choice**.
  However, sometimes you _need_ to commit before the code is correct, and you
  can accomplish this with the `-n/--no-verfify` flags to the `git commit`
  command.

## Running Tests
The easiest way to run tests is by running the `run_tests.sh` bash script
  from within the virtual environment in the root directory of the project.
```bash
(.venv) snappiershot$ ./run_tests.sh
```
The reason for using this script, rather than automatically running tests via
  the `pytest` test runner, is because the `pytest-cov` plugin for `pytest`
  does not play nicely with packages that are `pytest` plugins.
Therefore, the `coverage` package must be interfaced with separately.

## Code Editing Guidelines

### Comments & Documentation

Please leave helpful comments that will assist users, code reviewers, and
  future contributors in understanding the code you wrote. If you spend time
  deciding between two implementations, briefly jot down your reasoning. If
  you implement something using external documentation or resources, add a
  link. Doing so improves the contributing experience for everyone involved.

### Adding Support For More Types

To add support for an additional type, the following must be done:
  * Add information to [snappiershot/serializers/constants.py](snappiershot/serializers/constants.py)
    If you are adding support for a type related to an already supported type,
    try to append to an already existing `CustomEncoded<descriptor>Types` class.
    If you are adding support for a completely new type, you'll need to
    create a new `CustomEncoded<descriptor>Types` class, using the existing
    ones as examples.
  * Write an encoder.
    Look over the workflow for the `JSONSerializer` class within
    [snappiershot/serializers/json.py](snappiershot/serializers/json.py).
    If you are adding support for a type related to an already supported type,
    add the necessary code to the appropriate `encode_<descriptor>` method.
    If you are adding support for a completely new type, you'll need to
    create your own `encode_<descriptor>` method and add an associated branch
    to the `JSONSerializer.default` method.
  * Write a decoder.
    Look over the workflow for the `JSONDeserializer` class within
    [snappiershot/serializers/json.py](snappiershot/serializers/json.py).
    If you are adding support for a type related to an already supported type,
    add the necessary code to the appropriate `decode_<descriptor>` method.
    If you are adding support for a completely new type, you'll need to
    create your own `decode_<descriptor>` method and add an associated branch
    to the `JSONDeserializer.object_hook` method.
  * Write tests.
    Add unit tests to support the newly supported types to
    [tests/test_serializers/test_json.py](tests/test_serializers/test_json.py).
    Additionally, you'll need to add the newly supported type to the
    `test_round_trip` test function within that file, which acts as a
    brief integration test.

### Black

This package uses the [black](https://github.com/psf/black) package to enforce
  opinionated code formatting. However, this package does not (currently)
  enforce line length for docstring and comments. Please be cognizant of this
  fact and try to adhere to a 92 character limit.

### MyPy

This package uses the [mypy](https://github.com/python/mypy) package to perform
  static type checking. Static type checking is enforced on _*all*_ library code
  (not including tests). Types are annotated following the
  [PEP 484](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0484/) and
  [PEP 3107](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-3107/) conventions.

## Opening A Pull Request

Ready to push upstream? Open a pull request [here](https://github.com/MORSECorp/snappiershot/compare).
Make sure to fill out the PR template fully to help the code reviewers
  understand your contributions.

Commit message:

Repository maintenance (#56)
Repository maintenance and prettifying

* Delete CONTRIBUTOR_CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
* Update CONTRIBUTOR_LICENSE_AGREEMENT.md
* Created Github workflow for PyPI releases
Used the [pendulum workflow](https://github.com/sdispater/pendulum/blob/master/.github/workflows/release.yml) as a guide.

* Updates (and corrections) to pyproject.toml file.
* Updated "Release" workflow to only run on tags pushed to "primary"
branch.
* Updated the CLA with additional information on how to sign.
* Updated pyproject.toml version for importlib-metadata package.
* Updated CHANGELOG.md file
* Updated CONTRIBUTING.md with note on which branch to use.
* add signatures to CLA

Co-authored-by: Lena Bartell <lbartell@morsecorp.com>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# CONTRIBUTING GUIDELINES

Welcome and thank you for considering to contribute to SnappierShot!

Here you will find all the information you'll need to setup your development
  environment and start contributing.

## Table of Contents
  * [Submitting Bug Reports](#Submitting Bug Reports)
  * [Environment Setup](#Environment Setup)
  * [Running Tests](#Running Tests)
  * [Code Editing Guidelines](#Code Editing Guidelines)
  * [Opening A PR](#Opening A Pull Request)

### Preface
Please read our [Contributor Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
  and our [Contributor License Agreement](.github/CONTRIBUTOR_LICENSE_AGREEMENT.md).
  You will be asked to sign our CLA when you submit your first pull request.

All shell commands will be presented in the following format:
```
(.venv) snappiershot$ command
```
where:
* `(.venv)` represents that the current terminal session is within the
  virtual environment of this project. If this is not present at the start
  of a shell code snippet, then the command does not need to be run from
  within the virtual environment.
* `snappiershot$` represents the directory from which the shell command is run.
  The `snappiershot` part represents the root directory of the project.
* All words and symbols after the `$` are the shell commands that can be copied
  and pasted into your terminal.


## Submitting Bug Reports
Bug reports (and feature requests) are always appreciated and we will do our
  best to respond to any opened issues in a timely manner.

You can open an issue [here](https://github.com/MORSECorp/snappiershot/issues/new/choose)
  by choosing the correct issue type and filling in the template. Please
  remember to be respectful to all users and developers and try to provide
  as much context as possible.


## Environment Setup
We use the [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/) to both manage dependencies
  and publish this package. You can find information about installing this
  software [here](https://python-poetry.org/docs/).

This library supports Python versions `3.6.1` and above, so you must have
  a version of Python installed that meets those specifications in order to
  progress any further with setting up your environment. We use the
  excellent [pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv) to manage our local
  Python installation, but an in-depth guide to using this is outside the
  scope of this document.

Once both `poetry` and a compliant version of Python are installed,
  you can use `poetry` to create your virtual environment for this project.
  The following command (run at the root of this project) will create a
  virtual environment within the `.venv` directory:
```bash
snappiershot$ poetry install
```
You are able to fully interact with the virtual environment using `poetry`
  commands, but we find it easiest to "source" the virtual environment into
  your current terminal session. In most shells, this can be done with the
  following command (run from the root of this project):
```bash
snappiershot$ . .venv/bin/activate
```
To leave this virtual environment at any time, you can run `deactivate`.

Finally, we use to [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com) package to run
  useful hooks to maintain code quality and enforce style guides. The
  full list of hooks can be found within the
  [.pre-commit-config.yaml](.pre-commit-config.yaml) file.
  To install these hooks, run the following command from within the virtual
  environment:
```bash
(.venv) snappiershot$ pre-commit install
```

Now the linters, formatters, and type checkers will be run automatically with
  every commit, making PRs easier to review and removing distractions from the
  contributing process.

To run these commands independently from the `git commit` command, you can run
  the following command:
```bash
(.venv) snappiershot$ pre-commit run --all
```

**NOTE**: The `mypy` type checker is included with these commits, meaning if
  the type annotations are not correct the pre-commit hooks will fail and by
  default your commit command will also fail.
  **This was an intentional choice**.
  However, sometimes you _need_ to commit before the code is correct, and you
  can accomplish this with the `-n/--no-verfify` flags to the `git commit`
  command.

## Running Tests
The easiest way to run tests is by running the `run_tests.sh` bash script
  from within the virtual environment in the root directory of the project.
```bash
(.venv) snappiershot$ ./run_tests.sh
```
The reason for using this script, rather than automatically running tests via
  the `pytest` test runner, is because the `pytest-cov` plugin for `pytest`
  does not play nicely with packages that are `pytest` plugins.
Therefore, the `coverage` package must be interfaced with separately.

## Code Editing Guidelines

### Comments & Documentation

Please leave helpful comments that will assist users, code reviewers, and
  future contributors in understanding the code you wrote. If you spend time
  deciding between two implementations, briefly jot down your reasoning. If
  you implement something using external documentation or resources, add a
  link. Doing so improves the contributing experience for everyone involved.

### Adding Support For More Types

To add support for an additional type, the following must be done:
  * Add information to [snappiershot/serializers/constants.py](snappiershot/serializers/constants.py)
    If you are adding support for a type related to an already supported type,
    try to append to an already existing `CustomEncoded<descriptor>Types` class.
    If you are adding support for a completely new type, you'll need to
    create a new `CustomEncoded<descriptor>Types` class, using the existing
    ones as examples.
  * Write an encoder.
    Look over the workflow for the `JSONSerializer` class within
    [snappiershot/serializers/json.py](snappiershot/serializers/json.py).
    If you are adding support for a type related to an already supported type,
    add the necessary code to the appropriate `encode_<descriptor>` method.
    If you are adding support for a completely new type, you'll need to
    create your own `encode_<descriptor>` method and add an associated branch
    to the `JSONSerializer.default` method.
  * Write a decoder.
    Look over the workflow for the `JSONDeserializer` class within
    [snappiershot/serializers/json.py](snappiershot/serializers/json.py).
    If you are adding support for a type related to an already supported type,
    add the necessary code to the appropriate `decode_<descriptor>` method.
    If you are adding support for a completely new type, you'll need to
    create your own `decode_<descriptor>` method and add an associated branch
    to the `JSONDeserializer.object_hook` method.
  * Write tests.
    Add unit tests to support the newly supported types to
    [tests/test_serializers/test_json.py](tests/test_serializers/test_json.py).
    Additionally, you'll need to add the newly supported type to the
    `test_round_trip` test function within that file, which acts as a
    brief integration test.

### Black

This package uses the [black](https://github.com/psf/black) package to enforce
  opinionated code formatting. However, this package does not (currently)
  enforce line length for docstring and comments. Please be cognizant of this
  fact and try to adhere to a 92 character limit.

### MyPy

This package uses the [mypy](https://github.com/python/mypy) package to perform
  static type checking. Static type checking is enforced on _*all*_ library code
  (not including tests). Types are annotated following the
  [PEP 484](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0484/) and
  [PEP 3107](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-3107/) conventions.

## Opening A Pull Request

To contribute, first [fork the repository](https://github.com/MORSECorp/snappiershot).

### Which Branch to Use?
The `primary` branch is the "master" branch for the repository where releases
occur. **You cannot develop on this branch.** The `develop` branch is where
development occurs, i.e. new features are added or bugs are fixed. This is the
"staging area" before being merged into and released from the `primary` branch.
If you plan on adding a new feature to the codebase, make sure to branch off of
the `develop` branch, and once merged it will be included in the next release.

Ready to push upstream? Open a pull request [here](https://github.com/MORSECorp/snappiershot/compare).
Make sure to fill out the PR template fully to help the code reviewers
  understand your contributions.
